Mrs. Lin, why can they pass?
Because they chose Mrs. Lin.
Madam, I think it's unfair. Then you think about it,
Why is it unfair? I have met this General Manager Lin before and know him very well.
He is just a class player.
And he has too many bottles,
He remembered meeting her more than twenty times.
He is a trap, even a normal person would not be able to choose him.
Why do you say that the person who chooses him will pass.
That's right, my Zhao family is not happy either.
So my Zhao family is said to be bankrupt
But the dead head forced the motor
I agree with what Mr. Zhao said at this time.
Just a complete poor guy
wildlanders think
Although my daughters all passed
But I want to say something for my daughters
Your conditions for passing
Shut up, you girl.
You have a test
Mom, what did you say?
Haven’t we all passed?
As soon as this Qiao Xiao was moved, the Zhao family passed through
Pro small group, the biggest game in the world
You are so irrational
You have passed the test
You can marry my son Longji right away
you love you